# Background
In today’s competitive markets companies have to focus on customers’ needs, wants, attitudes, behaviors, preferences, and perceptions, shifting from the old “design build-sell” marketing model to the customer-oriented view of relation marketing. Customer segmentation is defined as the process of dividing customers into distinct, meaningful, and homogeneous subgroups based on various attributes and characteristics. It is used as differentiating marketing tool. It enables organizations to understand their customers and build differentiated strategies, tailored to their characteristics. This concept Is further explained as a process that divides customers into smaller groups called segments.

Credit card providers usually target users using their behavior and demographic information. Behaviors are often based on credit reports on how a person spends and pays over time. Customer segmentation is the technique of separating a customer base into particular groups of persons. A client segmentation model allows consumers to efficiently differentiate themselves and provides issuers with insights into how their cards may be used more or attract new customers via innovative systems.
Card issuers can not only make higher-priced proposals, but can discover groups that have poorly serviced by present offers, using improved segmentation. Their behavioral style can help study these groups and provide better alternatives and strategies to meet their demands.

In this article presented segmentation of bank customer’s data. The goal is to assign customers to segments according to the solidness of borrowers via credit-scoring.
